Made execution time limit unsettable by reload or broadcast. (#5902)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/5902.fix.md

> Fixed a case where reloading or broadcasting execution time limit=
> would have no effect.

Reviewer: Could be clearer? 

```suggestion
Fixed a bug preventing update of `execution time limit` by broadcast or reload.
```
